---
content-type: "transition"
---

<blockquote>
  <p>“PRX is a public media pioneer that brings meaningful audio journalism and storytelling into the lives of millions. While I always enjoyed a great podcast, until I joined the board, I had no idea of the role PRX played in the podcast space overall. PRX’s technical platform helped spur the marketplace of podcasting today. There would be no shows like Serial, The Moth, Ear Hustle, or 99% Invisible without it.</p><p>As we've grown and matured, the marketplace looks to us for leadership: in quality, experimentation, monetization and, perhaps more important than anything, how we treat creators and the creative process. We are the only place a small show like Lost Women of Science and a large show like Song Exploder could exist together. The binding quality is freedom of ownership and a disproportionate level of quality.</p><p>PRX's goal is not to be the home for everyone, but to be the home for the best and most impactful content. This can't happen unless it's financially viable, something that becomes harder and harder in a world of Spotify, Sirius XM, Amazon, Joe Rogan, Call Her Daddy, and yes, even the boys at Pod Save America and Crooked Media, as much as I love them. This election has shown us the critical role podcasts are playing in public dialogue; having high-quality content that offers us a window to, and a better understanding of, the history and experience of others is more vital now than ever before.</p><p>I truly believe PRX is an indispensable component to public media that actually contributes to public good. And, a wonderful podcast remains a great escape from the angst of our present situation! You can learn more about PRX and make a donation here.”</p></blockquote>
— Betsy Lehman
